or for example the time passes more slowly in the ravine is that here where
we are now because we are on a first or second floor
and that is indeed the case and the measures have been taken and it has been proven
so that the people who are on the ravine invent more boss
slowly that you and I bustillo
It's true that if we spent our whole lives with this difference in
rhythms of the passage of time peace in the end the difference would be only about
millionths of a second and above possess that Ecuadorian quito is not worth
but but the fact that time and space have their own dynamics
that was a tremendous revolution we are a little bus
all that since you know and pangal and I was excited about the theory of
relativity because it seemed to offer to its realism the idea that reality does not
can only be reduced only temporary flow
it has been produced
dovizioso in the most famous picture of dahlias the persistence of memory
appear a kind of soft watches miter watches
in 10 to the image suggests that in the same space are expressed different
temporalities was impotent after
surprisingly
dalí claimed that soft watches inspired us in the theory of
relativity
but in the perception on list of a camembert cheese being able to the sun
the painter insisted on this explanation in his response to the letter of wheat without
style interpreted as a reaction to the mathematical coldness of the
einstein theory
authorities in the state there is and placed the time
day places a time that has no address
indeci the future is the same as the past is essentially this way of this
mode
and be effective and that time is always an illusion megaphone but cheese
that melts
and it does not have an address
an example is the same the future of which on its past those days the objects
they are transformed in a direction there an evolution
I do not know not only in plants animals humans but also
in the things of egypt say ali in the background pound takes up the idea of ​​time
forced to leave that money between things and in that I am Dalinian 100% the
time this reality and has
grrrr
becker there are other members he was fugitive to back them up the
they receive on earth
the pp knows how to retain inside the dome
I must be habitable
morals
all with the new composite spectator
the voice and go p
for their real